# Reference
<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Classes

* [`rpcbind`](#rpcbind): rpcbind class

## Classes

### rpcbind

Manages rpcbind package and service.

Puppet strings documentation available at
[http://ghoneycutt.github.io/puppet-module-rpcbind/index.html](http://ghoneycutt.github.io/puppet-module-rpcbind/index.html)

#### Requirements

This module requires
[puppetlabs/stdlib](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-stdlib). The
exact version can be found in the module's metadata in `metadata.json`.

#### Compatibility

This module is built for use with the latest versions of Puppet v4 and
v5 with the ruby version packaged in the all-in-one installer. See
`.travis.yml` for the supported matrix of versions.

Supports the following platforms.

 * Debian 8
 * Debian 9
 * EL 6
 * EL 7
 * Suse 11
 * Suse 12
 * Ubuntu 14.04 LTS
 * Ubuntu 16.04 LTS
 * Ubuntu 18.04 LTS

#### Development

See the `CONTRIBUTING.md` file.

#### Examples

##### Declaring the class

```puppet
include ::rpcbind
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `rpcbind` class.

##### `package_ensure`

Data type: `String`

Value used for the ensure attribute of the rpcbind package resource.

Default value: 'installed'

##### `package_name`

Data type: `String`

Value used for the name attribute of the rpcbind package resource.

Default value: 'rpcbind'

##### `service_enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

Boolean used for the enable attribute of the rpcbind service resource.

Default value: `true`

##### `service_ensure`

Data type: `String`

Value used for the ensure attribute of the rpcbind service resource.

Default value: 'running'

##### `service_name`

Data type: `String`

Value used for the name attribute of the rpcbind service resource.

Default value: 'rpcbind'

